README.md, before:

# Laravel + Livewire Starter Kit

## Introduction

Our Laravel + [Livewire](https://livewire.laravel.com) starter kit provides a robust, modern starting point for building Laravel applications with a Livewire frontend.

Livewire is a powerful way of building dynamic, reactive, frontend UIs using just PHP. It's a great fit for teams that primarily use Blade templates and are looking for a simpler alternative to JavaScript-driven SPA frameworks like React and Vue.

This Livewire starter kit utilizes Livewire 4, and Tailwind, but **does not include any authentication scaffolding**.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for all Laravel starter kits can be found on the [Laravel website](https://laravel.com/docs/starter-kits).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to our starter kit! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## License

The Laravel + Livewire starter kit is open-sourced software licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

CI: add Pint and coverage (phpdbg) + Codecov; update README badges

README.md, after:

# Laravel + Livewire Starter Kit

[![CI](https://github.com/{owner}/{repo}/actions/workflows/phpunit.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/{owner}/{repo}/actions/workflows/phpunit.yml) [![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/{owner}/{repo}/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/{owner}/{repo})

> Replace `{owner}/{repo}` in the badges above with your GitHub repository path (for example `your-username/your-repo`) after you push the workflow and run the CI once.

## Introduction

Our Laravel + [Livewire](https://livewire.laravel.com) starter kit provides a robust, modern starting point for building Laravel applications with a Livewire frontend.

Livewire is a powerful way of building dynamic, reactive, frontend UIs using just PHP. It's a great fit for teams that primarily use Blade templates and are looking for a simpler alternative to JavaScript-driven SPA frameworks like React and Vue.

This Livewire starter kit utilizes Livewire 4, and Tailwind, but **does not include any authentication scaffolding**.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for all Laravel starter kits can be found on the [Laravel website](https://laravel.com/docs/starter-kits).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to our starter kit! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## License

The Laravel + Livewire starter kit is open-sourced software licensed under the MIT license.
